NMS-13758: Split database report docs (#3879)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/database-reports/limitations.adoc

[[ga-database-reports-limitations]]
== Limitations

 * Only a JDBC Datasource to the {page-component-title} database connection can be passed to a report, or no datasource at all.

> One does not have to use the data source, though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One does not have to use the datasource.
```
